[AUDIO LOGO]
>> April 2020, just as the world
was shutting down for the first
time, an interesting documentary
called "Close Encounters
of the Fifth Kind"
appeared online.
It claims that a group of
people have figured out
how to make contact with UFOs.
And it promised to
teach you how to do it.
Suddenly, this mysterious
little movie was everywhere.
>> I've come to learn that the
way to make these interactions
with these beings are by
expanding our consciousness.
So through meditation,
we actually
can make contact a lot easier.
And there's been so many times
where I've been meditating
and I've looked up, and
there's something in the sky.
>> There's a documentary called
"Close Encounters of the Fifth
Kind."
I believe it's about
this organization that
came out during quarantine that
goes out and does these, like,
circles where they call in UFOs.
And they have video of it and
all these different things.
>> My name is Serena DC,
and I saw "Close Encounters
of the Fifth Kind" the
second it came out.
I followed all of
the instructions.
And sure enough, I had my
own life-changing contact
experience.
I wanted to learn more about
"Close Encounters of the Fifth
Kind," CE5 for short.
So I reached out to
Dr. Steven Greer,
the man behind the
documentary and advocate
for all of these radical ideas.
Dr. Greer granted me exclusive,
never-before-seen access
to one of his advanced workshops
where he teaches his protocols.
So my team packed their
bags and headed straight
for Oracle, Arizona.
This is what happened.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
People from all around
the world travel
to these exclusive
retreats to meet Dr. Greer
and to learn his
protocols for contacting
extraterrestrial
beings and craft.
We sit down with a few of
the attendees in Oracle
to get their perspective
on learning and practicing
CE5 on Dr. Greer himself
and their expectations
for the event.
I'm so excited about going to
Oracle because even though I've
had my own CE5 experience, I
feel like being with Dr. Steven
Greer, learning how to do
the protocols properly,
and being around a group of
people that are going to also
be trying to communicate with
UFOs I might see something
pretty amazing.
>> I had no expectations
coming to Oracle.
I was open to whatever
we're going to see.
I heard that some people
had individual experiences,
and there were other people
that had group experiences.
I just hoped we would
get to see something.
>> What are you hoping to see?
>> That's a great question.
>> Personally, I don't
recommend having an expectation
because then you're leaving
yourself for a place to be
disappointed or let down.
And when you don't
have an expectation,
then you come in with an
open mind and an open heart.
And what happens is
supposed to happen.
And you are left getting exactly
what you're supposed to get.
And that comes
from a better place
of unknowing where you don't
know what is out there.
And when you're
expecting something else,
it's you're assuming
that what's out there.
>> It's been really interesting
to see the diverse group
of people that have been
attracted to this CE5 event.
I really thought most
people that came here
would be a little bit
trippy, a little bit weird,
a little bit fringe like me.
But they're not.
They're people from all
different walks of life.
We've got CEOs from
major corporations,
and then we've got
the person that
helps you to pump your gas.
It's super diverse.
And it's really exciting.
>> I'm honored to be here, and
I'm honored to be at a time
where we know CE5 is.
In the 1950s, you
had Roswell and you
had all these unbelievable,
unexplained experiences
but there was never--
it was all top secret.
Nobody was thinking about making
contact or how to make contact.
Now here we are
in 2022, and we're
thinking about how
can we come together
and how can we make contact
and what's out there.
And so rather than
thinking about that there's
something else out there
that's a threat to our humanity
and that might want to
destroy us, well, maybe
it's something that just wants
to teach us about ourselves
and to teach us about love and
intergalactic love, whatever
that looks like.
>> CE5, for me,
means big, broad,
exciting spectrum of
communication with all sorts
of consciousness that
exists within us,
folded within us the spectrum
that we have is and my belief
system we are multi-dimensional.
So there's that whole spectrum
that we have folded within us.
And then there is,
of course everything
else in the universe,
which is so huge.
So it's a big term if you
look at it from that angle.
But encapsulating it it's
really for me personally,
it's the desire to
explore that and find
ways of communicating with
other types of consciousness.
>> The purpose of CE5 for me
is to think outside the box
of what normal human
interaction is and to understand
the consciousness and the
collective that's out there
and to be able to put yourself
in a position of a calm state
of mind where you're open and
your heart and your mind are
open to exploring something else
that's beyond what our realm
of consciousness currently is.
I mean, we've seen some really
unexplainable bright lights,
geometric shapes.
There's been all kinds of
out-of-nowhere shooting stars
that were bigger than
shooting stars, that
couldn't be explained.
At first, we thought
they were meteor showers.
Somebody that was with me one
time, one of my dear friends
saw something the size
of a moon that was red.
There was a glowing orb.
And we were all sober.
We were all with an open
heart and an open mind,
and we saw things that
we could never explain
and that when we weren't
doing CE5 we never saw.
>> One of the biggest
draws to Oracle,
Arizona for me was
the story of Ed Moen.
>> I'm Ed Mon.
I'm from Mineral
Point, Wisconsin.
It was a very
emotional experience,
and it's kind of
emotional for me
to be back here
after four years.
I left the CE5 at about
1 o'clock in the morning.
I felt this calling.
I went back out into the
desert after leaving the group
and ran into this
extraterrestrial out
in the desert.
And we connected, and
I invited it over.
And we hung out all night.
I
Had asked him for a
healing on my hearing
because I had this hearing
problem my whole life.
And it just occurred to
me that they were healers.
I could sense that.
So I said, "It seems
like you guys might
be able to help me with this.
Do you mind doing something?"
And I forgot about it.
I spent a whole night in the
desert playing hide and seek
and going for walks with
this entity until sunrise.
And I realized I
should get some sleep
and had to say,
goodnight or goodbye.
And then I woke up the
next morning, and my--
I could hear everyone.
So it was quite an experience.
I didn't expect that to
happen at all coming here.
>> Ed is completely healed.
And what happened to
him here in Oracle,
Arizona literally
changed his life forever.
Coming to Oracle, doing a
CE5 with Dr. Steven Greer
gave him his hearing back
and changed his entire life.
>> Seeing things in
the sky is one thing,
but having an entity like that
with that kind of vibration
standing right next to you is--
it was just highly emotional.
It was really high energy.
Being that close to that kind
of presence got my attention.
They're really a
loving, sweet beings.
>> So I finally had the
opportunity to sit down with
Dr. Steven Greer.
And the first thing
I wanted to know
is, what can we expect
on one of these retreats?
Some people think they're going
to go and do the CE5 protocols
and a massive flying saucer
is going to appear and land
on the ground.
ET is going to come out
and say, phone home.
That's not going to happen.
But initially when--
>> Actually, it does sometimes
>> Well, yeah, but 99 out of
100, it's not going to happen.
So I think it would
be really great
if you could just explain
a little bit about what
people can expect.
What's typical?
>> It runs the gamut.
I mean, it goes from
just people having
an experience in consciousness
to hearing a tone come through.
>> So not necessarily
seeing anything,
but seeing it in the minds?
>> Well, remember primacy, I
say, is with consciousness.
The consciousness
field is reality.
And as the Vedas say,
"All this is that."
All that you see is
actually consciousness
resonating and phasing
as that light or a photon
or a star or a tree.
And this gets into
a deep understanding
of the science of
consciousness and how
it integrates into the
physical world and science.
For that reason, we're
dealing with civilizations
that have mastered
that because see,
we would have
already been decades
into an era of mastering the
science of consciousness had we
not been delayed hundreds years
by the industrial fascists that
have kept the fundamental
sciences secret.
So--
>> And kept
everybody distracted.
>> Yeah, we're catching up here
we're trying to catch up before
it's too late, to
be honest with you.
There are all kinds of
things that can happen.
One time we had a team--
I wasn't there-- out
in West Virginia.
And it had been cloudy and
rainy like it is on the East
Coast so much of the time.
And they were ready to leave
and they were going, "Oh, we
wish we had seen ET."
The clouds parted, and a
cloud formed the letters ET
in the sky, no,
right up there huge.
And people go, "Really?"
I go, "Yeah, weird stuff like
that happens all the time."
And it was mysterious
but beautiful.
And so for whatever reason,
they couldn't come in 3D,
but they did that.
>> Yeah.
They have a sense
of humor for sure.
>> Oh, they're very funny.
They're very funny.
Well, I think, they're
extremely smart.
And I think bright
people are funny.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You could see anything.
It could be a light.
It could be a light doing
some geometrical shapes.
It could just blink.
I mean, we never know.
>> When they prep you for
like coming to this event,
they like really specify
not having those kinds
of expectations, but what
expectations not to have about
the whole evil alien and kind
of expecting the ETs to perform
like there in SeaWorld
or something like that.
>> I came to the retreat to
further the work of contact
with ETs, further my own ability
to make contact with them
because I feel that engaged
contact is going to shift
consciousness more than
doing it by ourselves.
>> I think they want to help
mankind as much as they can.
But I don't think with all
the negativity in the world,
I just don't think
they're ready to just--
they've already evolved
way past any of the things
that we're going through.
>> The ETs are here to help us.
They are not here to hurt us.
And so that is their agenda.
And they want to help
us to become actually
a civilization instead
of an uncivilized planet.
And to do that, we need
to raise our vibration.
And they're helping
us to do that.
I'm quite surprised how
deeply they are helping us.
It just boggles the mind how
much they are doing to help.
>> For me, CE5 has enriched
my life by allowing me
to understand that we're not
the only thing that's out there,
and there's a lot more.
And maybe it's not
a national threat.
Maybe it's something
that's positive.
that's full of love.
And maybe there's another
level of consciousness and love
that we haven't even
achieved or felt yet.
>> So the recurring theme that
I keep hearing over and over
again, when I talk to Dr. Steven
Greer and all of the people
that have gone to this
CE5 retreat is that these
extraterrestrials are
not here to harm us.
In fact, they're
here to help us.
>> So my understanding of
the necessary parameters
and the human domain or context
in order to establish contact
is from a frequency
perspective, again,
using that model of an
accordion, if you like.
Here's the physical.
Here's the one, if you like, or
the omnipresent consciousness.
And through there there's many
phases of consciousness itself.
We're quite locked as a species
right now into the tangible.
And that's OK.
But we need to drop that
when we approach something
that we know absolutely
nothing about or very, very
little about and embrace
the value of not knowing.
So it is a limitation
of us when we put things
into little cognitive
cupboards really quickly
and we say, I've
experienced this
and they're from this
planet, and that's done
and I'll put it over there.
Well, that's quite
a severe limitation
on a context that is
infinite essentially.
So we have to move beyond
the physicality of things
and look at it from a
point of not knowing.
>> We've been talking about
the foundational element level
of the cosmos is the unbounded,
undifferentiated pure conscious
field.
And it's infinite.
It has no beginning
in space and time.
It is indivisible.
It is a singularity.
And that's how we are all awake.
So it's like a ray of
that infinite aspect
is what enables us to be
conscious and sentient.
And the meditative state is to
basically experience that mind
as it then becomes
expanded in this state.
And if you experience it in this
state, it's the samadhi state.
It's that state of
boundlessness and bliss
and being that you
all have heard about.
And of course, many of you
have experienced periodically.
When I talk about this resonant
realm of thought, sound,
the primal or
initiating emanation
from the plane of the
absolute is actually
what's called the primal
thought of the great being.
That is that first impulse
from absolute nothingness
to the absolute fullness
of pure consciousness
as it manifests into relativity.
That primal thought,
initial thought sound
is unbelievably beautiful.
I've experienced it a few times.
And it has within it
every infinite possibility
of any other sound
resonance frequency
thought that would be within a
star or your body or the carpet
or that house or the rock.
All of it has tonality
associated with it
even at the most expressed
three-dimensional level.
So you can go from
fully external,
call it, aspect It's how you're
perceiving it of the quantum
hologram of cosmology
of say your body
and your individuality or
gazing at a blade of grass.
And every blade of
grass has within it
this tonality of that
unique thing, the signature.
That's actually
a sound component
of thought within
the blade of grass.
And then from there,
it differentiates
into the so-called
astral subtle light
energy that's within the blade
of grass, and then from there
into 3D biological
material expression.
You can go therefore
from anything
that you want to
contemplate and go
straight deeper and
deeper in your perception
until you actually
experience the primal thought
and transcend into
the unbounded ocean.
So it can go from outward
in or from inward out.
The creative aspect, the
way existence comes out
of nothingness is this.
>> So as the sun began to set,
the team of CE5ers and Dr.
Steven Greer headed up Oracle's
Hill, set up their chairs,
and got comfortable.
Then Dr. Greer began
to lead everyone
through the CE5 protocols,
the first of which
was a guided meditation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So let us close our eyes.
And let's take
some deep breaths.
Sitting quietly, enjoy the
peace of this sacred place.
And breathe in with your nose
deeply the revivifying breath
of Mother Earth.
And see yourself
awakened and energized
through the prana and
the qi, the life force.
And as you exhale,
relax from the toes
to the top of your head.
We feel our bodies filled
with light and energy
and our awareness
expanding and clear.
And as we exhale, we let
go of all of our concerns,
all stress, all worries, and
settle into that great peace
within.
And see that the conscious
mind never changes.
It is always a pure
unbounded light of awareness.
Your perceptions change.
The field of consciousness
is changeless and one.
And so we see that
all that exists
is pure consciousness
resonating in various densities,
frequencies into whatever
that object or person is.
But the conscious mind
itself we can experience
in its pure unbounded form.
>> What I experience--
it's like if you
think of the heart's
bio-electromagnetic
field, it resonates
at a certain frequency.
So when we are in a state
of unity consciousness,
we're in a state of gratitude,
when we are in a state of one
with ourselves and with
others and we really
embody that, through the
consciousness spectrum
we're uplifting.
We're resonating high vibes.
And I believe that
makes it easier
for these highly advanced,
highly intelligent
empathic beings to
bond, to resonate
with our electromagnetic field.
And through that,
they can simply
convey huge amounts
of information.
>> Well, all my life I knew
there were ETs out there,
my entire life ever
since I was a little boy.
But everything I
looked at in the media
was all I knew
that wasn't right.
And I really had a hard
time finding that right path
that I knew inside internally.
When I found Dr. Greer I said,
this is a no-mess-around guy.
This is different from all the
mainstream that's out there.
I knew I was in the right place.
I almost feel like there
was a divine ET just helping
me connect to you
because I was searching
for you my whole life since I
was probably seven years old.
And finally, I got
what it really is not
what the mainstream puts it as.
And I knew that
was genuine truth.
After that, I went in to
one of your expeditions
in Oracle and in Joshua Tree.
And there, I realized that
through my inner peace
inside of me, this is where
I would speak to the ETs
out there.
It wasn't about getting
a picture of a craft
or seeing a UFO land.
It was everything
internally inside.
And it was just wired in me.
And that first day we were
in circle, it was amazing.
But I didn't see anything.
And I was OK with that.
I had someone
sitting next to me.
He was probably in his mid 70s.
And he told me,
"Ignacio, I really
don't expect to see
anything out here this week.
So I think this is
a waste of my time."
And I said, "Oh, OK."
So second, third day what
happens in these groups
is there's a cohesive-- there's
a coherence between a bond,
between the group.
And when there's a love
and a connection there,
it almost just enhances
the part of making contact
because we're together.
We're one.
There's like a fine love
there between all of us.
And it was the first time I
saw an ET in my entire life
with my physical eyes.
Here I am on the
third day, and you're
telling us do not be afraid,
welcome them, thank them
for coming.
And here we have on my left
side on the third night
an orb coming out from
underneath the ground.
And it's just hovering
nice and slow.
I'm like, OK, wow,
that's interesting.
I've never seen a car do that.
I thought there was
a road back there.
And it started getting
bigger and bigger.
And it came up to about maybe
3 feet in the air I'm like,
that's nice.
And I kept turning
and you were here,
and the orb kept
coming over here.
And it started
coming towards me.
And started getting bigger.
And it was just a
pulsating almost
like an orange-yellowish
light and just slowly
coming towards me.
And I'm like, oh, shit.
[LAUGHTER]
And I started getting
scared inside.
And you warned us
about this when
we were in the meditation
section of the retreat.
And then the orb started kind
of going away little by little
as I was getting afraid.
And I realized, oh my God,
this is actually happening.
And then it started coming
back up through the mountain
again and coming
closer and closer.
And then as it got closer,
I could feel just a love,
a sense of oneness with them.
And it was so powerful.
And then it slowly went
back down to the ground.
And then there I
knew it was going
to be an amazing, amazing week.
>> Hearing these stories
has been so inspiring for me
because I really thought it was
just all about seeing a couple
of lights in the
sky, but it's not.
These people are having
massive telepathic experiences.
They're going up into craft.
They're having communications
with extraterrestrials.
This is a really huge deal.
>> You'll be very surprised
at how easy it is to connect.
And once that connection
is established,
it only gets better and
better and better and better.
It becomes so eloquent and so
sophisticated and so highly
specialized and intelligent that
you know it's-- and it's always
within the spectrum of unity.
That's the only
time contact occurs.
If there's fear or division,
they just they won't interact.
But if there's the
context of unity is there,
it just keeps on getting
closer and more intimate.
Beings, lights will come
right into your home,
and it will just be
absolutely incredible.
>> There was one time
we were in Denver,
and I had this train of thoughts
in my head realizing that we
need to take responsibility
and we have to be the primary
movers.
But it starts with us as people.
And they will help,
they will assist,
and they will support us.
But we have to be
the primary movers.
And I remember when we were
meditating, I opened my eyes.
I turned to my right, and
there's this golden craft that
was like fading in and out.
And so I went back
into meditative state.
And then after the meditation,
I shared with the group.
And I took the laser, and I
was pointing towards the craft.
And then where I saw the
craft, and all of a sudden,
it manifested again.
And so to me, it was
very encouraging to know
that they will always--
they are here to support us.
But it's not their job to do.
We have to be the
primary movers,
and then they will
support our endeavor.
And we share the same
vision for the planet.
And that's what
we have in common.
And we are a team.
>> And what do you think that
vision is that we're sharing?
>> To create the world
that's loving and peaceful
and abundant and to
become interstellar.
That's the most exciting part.
I can't wait for that.
>> It's such a humbling but
also empowering and inspiring
perspective to hear the
fact that we do need to take
the first step.
But when we do, they're
going to be there to help us.
>> This work has
only just begun.
So there's this little
doorway Dr. Greer is just
kind of open for us.
So we've got to go
like that and just
expand out so that
everybody can walk through.
I believe our future is
an interstellar future.
So I'd like to fast track that
peace, unified energy in terms
of abundance and
production on our planet
and then interstellar
civilizations.
And this motion of we
welcome you and I'd
like to visit your planet
too, that's so exciting to me.
I mean, I think, it is
for a lot of people.
And if you're listening
to this and this is--
I was thinking about
this as I was driving up
from Charlottesville, probably
the most important thing
I'd say amongst all of this
deluge of verbs and adjectives
is that if you're resonating
with that thought,
then put the
protocols to practice.
Go out in the field,
test them out.
See what responses you get.
>> So I wanted to learn more
about how all this is possible
from a scientific perspective.
So I asked Dr. Greer, to what
extent do scientists understand
this phenomenon?
>> In the '70s and forward,
really good scientific studies
were done on the effect
of consciousness remotely.
So everyone thinks that
the consciousness whereby
you and I are awake are
two separate things.
The consciousness
field is a singularity.
There's one consciousness
field in the creation.
It's just illuminating each
of our individualities.
The meditation is the process
of going deep and experiencing
that point of all
light, the source.
And it's that state
and that's very much
an unbounded, undifferentiated
field of consciousness.
And it is infinite.
And it's eternal, and all
those things you always hear.
So when you're doing
something in higher states
of consciousness
and meditation, it
isn't just having a linear
effect 1 and 1 and 1.
It's an exponential effect.
And they have found
that, for example,
if a city of 200,000 people
has 2,000 people going
into meditating for a week
or two, crime rates go down,
violence goes down, emergency
department visits go down.
And these studies
have been sustained.
And the reason for that is
that even the people who
don't know those
meditators are in town
are affected by that field
of consciousness effect.
So when enough people--
>> Wow, that's cool.
>> Yeah.
Well, that's where the
magic and power in this is.
I want to get clarity here.
We're talking not
about what you're
aware of but the essence
of conscious mind itself.
That is a little
abstract for people.
>> Essence of
conscious mind itself.
You've got to go
one deeper for me.
>> Yeah.
So I always tell people, it's
sort of a Zen process here.
You're hearing my voice, and
you have your individuality
and I have mine.
And you're awake, and I'm awake.
But the awareness
itself is a singularity.
It's one field.
Now we trap it in our
egos and our intellect.
>> So it is different
than thought, isn't it?
It's what I'm thinking is
different from the fact that--
>> No.
The thought emerges from
the consciousness field.
But I'm talking
about the deepest
level of quiet conscious mind.
This is why the father of
quantum mechanics and particle
wave theory Erwin
Schrdinger said,
"The total number of minds
in the universe is one.
It's a singularity."
This is a quantum physicist.
So this has been pretty well
established scientifically.
And the work of Dr.
Jon at Princeton,
where he would put people
in front of random number
generators just spitting
out zeros and ones
quantum machines.
And when they put
their awareness on it
and say we want it to put
out more zeros, it does.
And if there are two people
that love each other,
it's exponential.
So there are amazing
scientific studies
about this effect of
consciousness of just intending
with the consciousness.
So then imagine if thousands
or millions of people
are doing something like this.
It can actually cause a
huge shift in civilization
by people who don't even
know you're doing it.
Now in the ancient
times and the Sanskrit
and the Vedas in India,
which by the way, are not--
they predate Hinduism
and Buddhism.
They're very ancient
philosophical books.
And I had been a student
of that since I was 18.
And what you find is when
people understand consciousness
at this level, they can then
have all kinds of abilities
that unfold, such as being
able to see the future,
communicate telepathically,
telekinesis, lift
things with your thought,
et cetera, and so on.
So these are known as siddhis--
S-I-D-D-H-I-S.
And all kinds of people over
the millennia of human history
have had experiences
in deep consciousness
and suddenly found
themselves levitating
or found themselves doing
something extraordinary that
shouldn't be possible.
Well, now we're discovering
that the reason for that
is that this consciousness field
is integrated in its fullness
at every point in
space and time.
So if you're in a deep
state of consciousness,
you can affect a camera or
you can affect a remote place.
Someone can be healed
by a group of people
praying and meditating
them from afar.
>> It is so mind blowing to
think that we're all connected
by consciousness.
And as we got deeper and
deeper into exploring the CE5
protocols, I could
actually start
to feel this collective
consciousness that Dr. Greer
had been telling us about.
>> Now let us affirm that the
mantra can gently be repeated
like a tone, a song in the back
of our awareness as we become
aware of pure consciousness
this ocean of mind that has been
observing the mantra.
And as we observe
the mantra, let
us create an Astro
vehicle in which we
can explore the cosmos.
And the mantra
through his tonality
makes a perfect
equilateral triangle.
And as we repeat
it three times, it
will make a tetrahedron,
a three-dimensional object
with a triangle on each
side and a triangular base.
Let's do that together.
(CHANTING) And see this
beautiful golden triangle,
a tetrahedron, a
sacred form made
of the vibration of the mantra.
And now let's repeat the
mantra three more times
and make another
tetrahedron joined
at the base of the first one.
(CHANTING)
And now let's rotate
these two tetrahedrons
and merge them Halfway
within each other.
And we will see we have an
eight-pointed Merkabah--
spherical object
with eight points
made up of two
perfect tetrahedrons.
And now let us put our awareness
in the center of this Merkabah,
this double tetrahedral shape.
And as we rest our
consciousness all together in it
we see it creates a zone
of peace and safety,
our own astral
vehicle that we can
center our awareness within and
travel throughout the cosmos
and throughout other dimensions.
And so let all of us together
now see this Merkabah
and expand it.
And as it grows in size,
all of us fit within it.
And all of our pure
conscious minds
become the one that
they really are.
And thus we are one mind
moving through many people,
the true nature
of conscious life.
And in this state, we can
see and feel the awareness
of everyone around us.
And while each person is
unique in its own creation
and no two people or beings
in the cosmos are identical,
the consciousness
whereby we are awake,
is a singularity one
mind through all people.
And thus with this eye
of oneness centered
within the Merkabah we
feel the love and the peace
of being together.
Before we are many, we are one.
In this state of peace
and enlightenment,
we allow our minds to
expand the Merkabah.
And it spreads out over
the space around us
and expands like a
crystal expanding.
And we are within it gazing
over the territory below.
And so it rises upward
into the sky above us
with our awareness in it.
And we can scan the
countryside and the mountains
and the desert or
wheresoever we wish to see.
And we see with the crystal
clear celestial vision.
So as we expand the
Merkabah, we allow
it to envelop the entirety
of the space above this place
or wherever you are.
And you can gaze back at
yourself and your team
and their bodies sitting.
And you can just practice
seeing from above
even while you were still
in your physical bodies.
And as you get a sense
or a glimpse of that,
allow it now to expand
and rise into sky.
And Father Sky is
enveloping Mother Earth.
And in their union, they
have created humanity.
>> The second night, we were
really deep in meditation
again, and everyone
started screaming.
And I opened my
eyes, and there's
this bright orb above us.
And it was incredible.
It was my first sighting.
>> My understanding of
their purpose in visiting us
and being with us is that they
understand this upper spectrum
of consciousness.
They understand the
oneness of consciousness.
So they see aspects
of themselves in us.
And it hurts them to see what
we're doing to each other.
So we're humans.
We're currently in a
collective consensus
of warfare of all sorts of
terrible, terrible things.
We cannot relate to a
consciousness that is 100,000,
200,000 years more
advanced than us.
There's plenty of
them out there.
There has to be at the
edge of the universe.
Unless we look at things
from a non-human perspective,
how do we do that?
Well, we have to
deconstruct what
we think it means to be human
and move beyond this spectrum.
So we step up and we do
that through lucid dream
experiences,
out-of-body experiences,
near-death experiences, through
deep meditation, all sorts.
There's all sorts
of modalities where
we can extend into
these other parameters
and actually just
remove these limitations
of a paradigm that's been
around for far too long.
And it's been proven not to work
over and over and over again.
All of humanity is, like
the mouse on the wheel
right now are going,
"When's it going to change?"
It's like, well, just
get off the wheel.
>> It really makes me pause and
think about my own relationship
with nature and the role that I
have personally played in this
cycle of destruction.
The first thing that got
me so excited about CE5
and experiencing the phenomena
were these amazing photos
that Dr. Greer had
started publishing.
These photos showed
me that it wasn't
about seeing flying saucers
or orbs floating in the sky.
It was about the
beings themselves
who were occupying the craft.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Wow.
Yeah.
>> I had a nice scope on it,
and it turned and curved towards
this object.
That was not a
meteorite or meteor.
It came in and curved to this.
That just turned red by the way.
If there is
monitoring of the area
by intelligence
or military, they
could be hovering right
outside the circle of people.
But they wouldn't be
visible to the naked eye.
But interestingly, these
new digital cameras
with their CCDs or white
cells will pick them up
if you have the right
settings turned on.
>> I'm Justice from
Arlington, Texas.
During the expeditions, I'll
do a lot of the photography
and the satellite charts.
And I'll take pictures
at the CE5 events.
And those pictures will end up
being 3,000 pictures a night
sometimes that we take.
And we try to cover
as much of the sky
as possible, as much of the
time as possible constantly
shooting every 10
seconds a photo.
>> So that's what
we're learning to do.
I call it transdimensional
photography and videography.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> As we continued
our journey in Oracle,
to better understand the
protocols and processes that
are used to make contact,
we caught up with one of Dr.
Greer's team members Pat who is
often responsible for setting
up one of the
consciousness-raising
techniques used in CE5
five called the puja table.
>> We do the puja every single
night when we're on these
expeditions.
There's a tablecloth.
There's a silk cloth
that goes on next.
Most of the pieces
that are on that table
are brass because most
puja pieces are brass.
And they can be purchased
at any Indian grocery
usually or an Indian store.
Dr. Greer has a picture
of the Ascended Masters.
We put that on the table.
There's a candle.
There is incense.
We have rice, water,
sandalwood paste, which
is basically sandalwood powder.
And we have a little piece
of camphor that is burned.
We also have a piece of fruit.
Dr. Greer likes to use orange.
And we have some flowers.
And that is the puja table.
He has a very specific
way he wants that set up.
Each time, it's very,
very symmetrical.
It's a really an ancient
Sanskrit ceremony
that really predates religions.
>> And so as we do the puja, we
are putting the intention out
that the world will become the
world that we know it can be
and that we've seen
in our vision--
a world of enlightenment, a
world that is interstellar,
and a world of peace.
>> There are these two photos
of transdimensional beings that
actually appear over
the puja table when Dr.
Greer is doing his ceremony.
These photos literally
blew my mind.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[NON-ENGLISH CHANTING]
>> The tones are one
of the protocols.
There are three
protocols-- sound,
which are the tones,
thought, which
is meditation, and light,
which is the use of the laser.
The tones, he uses three tones--
crop circle tones,
Fibonacci tones,
and the CSETI logo tones.
We use a radio to transmit
these tones before we start.
And we also play
them for the group.
We play them over a loudspeaker.
And it is thought that
these tones can be picked up
electronically by ETs.
And it helps to kind
of vector them in
and let them know where we are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I've always struggled to
meditate because my life is
very hectic, and I find even
the smallest thing quite
distracting.
Normally when I'm looking
for meditations to listen to,
I'll just go to YouTube
and find something random.
But what I found when
I actually started
to listen to the meditations
that were in Dr. Greer's app
was that I was
able to focus more.
Somehow knowing that
he was such an expert
at being able to contact ETs
and craft and have them appear
helped me to be more
focused on the meditation
and to tune out
everything around me.
So I'm sure many of the people
that have watched your movies
have either started
to dabble in CE5
or they're really interested
about going and doing it.
And I'm somebody that has gone
out there and given it a shot.
And there's been things
that have worked for me
and things that did not.
One thing that I
have found has always
brought on some sort of
siding has been doing,
I don't know how
you describe it,
but the reverse meditation
where you're in the Milky Way
and you're going into your
solar system, open your eyes,
there they are!
[LAUGHS] So that's been
really great for me.
But I know that
lots of people do
lots of different
types of protocols.
You created an app--
>> Yes.
>> --for us mere mortals
to be able to, I guess,
tap into what it is that you do.
But can you walk me through
a few of the things that
are in the app now?
>> Well, the key
thing is, I think,
this is the most important
that most people don't--
>> Bring it out.
>> Sure.
And one that people
don't think about
is: why are you doing this?
So there's a sort of
philosophical purpose
behind it.
I think that people who
do this because they
want to be entertained
by seeing a UFO
are usually disappointed because
these civilizations aren't
interested in being
Dolphins at SeaWorld.
So I think it's like
that movie "The Right
Stuff" about the space
program and John Glenn.
These civilizations want
people who are sincere,
pure hearted, doing it
for the right reasons.
>> To raise the vibration of
everybody else around them.
>> And they're really wanting
to do something to help
the situation.
We live in such a
narcissistic selfish society
that has to be secondary
to a larger purpose greater
than yourself.
So I think it has
to be something--
and this I know very
unpopular in our society
now because it sounds
so old fashioned.
But I think people really
need to be concerned
about something better than
their own aggrandizement
and curiosity.
So that's really key.
In fact, it's the
pure-heartedness
that someone approaches
this with that
is deterministic much more
so than the protocols.
>> The app has so
much going on in it.
And when I went out
and did my first CE5,
the only thing that I used
were the cricket-sounding tones
and that worked for
me lights in the sky.
But then when I
went out with Greer,
it was a completely
different experience.
I mean, he was doing
a puja ceremony.
There was meditations.
There was all manner
of things going on.
So, what's going on in that app?
Is it supposed to
mimic what happens
when you go out with Greer or?
>> Yeah, so the idea was
that not everybody can go out
on these retreats.
They sell out really fast.
They're limited to 20 people.
>> Oh, they're so unattainable
for your average person
for sure.
>> So the app is trying--
the app was designed
to give everyone
all the tools they would
need to do this on their own,
form their own groups, connect
with people who are locally.
It has guided meditations.
It's got the tones that you use.
Those tones were actually
captured in a crop circle.
That's where they came from.
>> Right.
>> There's the equipment list.
>> Because he said I guess, the
purpose of the tone is to help
you to get onto the same mental
frequency as everybody else
in the group.
>> That's right.
>> So that makes sense.
But it's interesting
how you're explaining it
to me now because if you
haven't been out with Dr. Greer,
you literally don't
know what he does.
You don't know the
sequence of events.
So having this app really
does allow you to mimic that.
>> That's right.
I mean, the first thing on
the list is assembling a team.
So you can actually
connect with other people
locally who have the app.
>> What do you mean by that?
Like, how do you connect
with other people?
>> The whole networking aspect
of the app where you can meet
up with other people locally who
have the app and form your own
groups.
>> So like, if we go on it now--
OK, so there's our location.
Oh my God, there's
like all these people
around that are like--
>> All these people.
>> And they're-- who are they?
They're people that have the
app or they have registered as,
like, what does that mean?
>> Yeah, it's just other
people who have the app and are
interested in connecting.
>> So I can reach out to them
and message them and be like,
"Hey, do you want to
catch up and CE5?"
>> So there's now hundreds of
thousands of people forming
groups all over the world.
>> It's kind of like
meetup in a way,
like a meetup sort of group.
>> Yeah.
And then there's a whole
library of phenomena,
things to look for.
You want to make sure that if
you see something in the sky.
It's not just a satellite.
So this will help you
identify your phenomena.
>> That's really
important because again,
when we were out a lot of
people were like, oh my God,
there's something.
But straight away,
Greer debunked it.
He's like, no, that's
definitely a satellite
because he'd pull
up an app and you
could tell that was the
trajectory of something.
>> Exactly.
So you want to look
for objects that
are moving in an unusual way.
And so the app will
give you a good sense
of how to identify that
and also with practice.
It's always good to pull
up the satellite charts,
and you get a sense of what's
real and what isn't over time.
>> It's really interesting.
People always talk about being
able to identify what you see.
But the things that I've
seen with him and on my own,
you don't need no one
to identify those.
That was like--
>> That's right.
>> --that was a UFO!
>> The reason that it's
important for people
to understand the nature of
consciousness and meditation is
because all the technologies
that ET civilizations are using
interface with coherent
thought and consciousness.
Using something
like our cell phones
or these cameras
or the internet,
it's a speed of light.
But if you're from a galaxy 2.5
million light years from here
like Andromeda at
the speed of light,
you take a 2.5 million
years to get a signal there
and another 2 and 1/2--
>> To get it back.
>> --to get it back.
It's 5 million years.
So we're dealing with an
understanding of reality.
The root of it is understanding
this consciousness field.
And that's what everyone
has to understand and then
begin to practice.
It's why that meditation
approach is so important.
And there's really
three phases to it,
if you look at
what's in the app.
>> Well, that's what I'd love
you to walk me through now
because most
people, like myself,
would have watched the movie
and been like, all right, great.
So I'm going to do
some meditation.
I know how to do that.
I'll quickly put on
a meditation app.
I haven't done
meditation for 20 years,
but I'm going to give it a go.
And that doesn't work.
[LAUGHS] So, what
advice can you give
to people that haven't
meditated before
to learn some skills
and techniques to be
able to help them focus?
>> Well, that's why there's
a whole meditation training
course in the app.
And because ultimately
first of all,
you have to understand
what meditation is.
Most people the word
meditation just means to think.
But in this case,
it's specifically
talking about using
techniques so you experience
that deep quiet
aspect of your mind
that's not limited by space and
time, this deep samadhi state.
The reason that's important
is that if you understand
the nature of
consciousness, then
you end up having the
ability to say, OK, now
I know where I'm going.
Because most people sit down
and do a meditation technique,
they don't know what
the purpose of it is.
Any meditation
technique really should
be geared towards
the technique ending
and you sitting in a
state of complete silence
where the mind is
clear, empty, unbounded.
>> And now ready to--
>> And then ready to see.
So that's phase one.
A lot of people who
meditate frequently
can take just a few minutes.
Other people may need
to meditate for an hour.
But you get into
that quiet state.
Once you're in that deep quiet
state, then you can intend.
And this is a little subtle.
You're still in a quiet
relaxed state of mind,
but you intend to
see remote places.
And you're asking
in consciousness,
where are the ET craft?
Where are their planets?
Where are the ET beings,
if they're in the area?
>> Do you mean see
or do you mean "see"?
>> No, I mean see
with consciousness.
The CIA will call
it remote viewing.
But ancient people
would just call
it being the way of the
seer, your third eye.
And so those abilities--
those grow slowly.
And there are things we
can do to practice that.
But once you practice the
meditation in a deep--
once you're in a
quiet state, then you
intend to see, ask,
where are the craft?
Where are the ET beings?
And then become silent and see
what pops into your awareness.
>> And so, is that what's been
happening to me when I hear
turn around, maybe
here, 45 degrees?
>> And everyone gets
this differently.
Some people will be visual.
Some will get words.
Some will just have a--
Well, some will just
be a knowingness.
Everyone is different in how
they get intuitive knowledge.
But then once that happens, then
the third phase is let's say,
you're seeing way out in
our solar system by Saturn.
And you see this ET
spacecraft and the occupants.
Well, then you want to guide
them from Saturn to the Earth.
And let's say, if you're out
in the desert of Arizona,
you zoom in mentally.
You show them visually
here's where we are.
Boom--
>> I describe it to the group
that I was doing a guided
meditation for, I described
it as Google Earth.
>> Sure, same thing.
>> Is that the visual,
though, seeing that oooh--
OK, there's America, now there's
California, now there's--
>> You start out
doing it that way.
But what evolves eventually
is that you actually
are out there, like Ingo
Swann, he would actually
go out to Saturn.
The CIA--
>> But if you do that
I guess enough times--
>> Yes.
>> --your brain becomes, your
consciousness becomes more
and more used to the idea of it.
>> And then you have these
experiences I call overrides
where you'll be in that state,
suddenly you'll see clear
as a bell an ET face or a craft
or a console or their planet.
And that's when you're
staying in that deep state
and connecting to them.
And then ultimately,
inviting them respectfully.
>> I've had so much personal
success with this "Google
Earth" technique, but now I'm so
excited to actually get to see
how Doctor Greer
himself does it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> And now let us expand further
into the space around the Earth
and the Merkabah expands.
And the Earth itself
is within the Merkabah
and within the field
of our consciousness.
And as we expand
this vision, we see
that the entire solar system
is pure consciousness vibrating
at a frequency to create
planets and space.
And we realize that every
planet is awake and conscious
and that our solar
system is filled
with extraterrestrial
centers and vehicles
awaiting the arrival of
humanity into a time of peace.
Let us stay in this state
of expanded consciousness
and allow ourselves to see
the extraterrestrial vehicles
and peoples that have
been assigned to Earth.
And as we see them, we invite
them here or wherever you
are to be in contact with us.
And we tell them that
we are ambassadors
of peace to the universe and
to all civilizations capable
of interstellar travel and
show them our exact location.
So wherever you are
on Earth right now,
connect to the spacecraft
and to the people,
the extraterrestrials within it.
And know that, with a clear
laser light coherent thought,
they will see your
exact location.
And so you showed them the
Earth, whatever continent you
are in and your
country and your region
and the place where you
are currently sitting.
And you just effortlessly
zoom in to that location over
and over again until you feel
they have seen your location.
And invite them to
appear in any way that
is safe and appropriate
for this time and place
and for this group.
And however they
choose to appear,
we express our gratitude and
confirm that we are awake
enough and educated enough
to see them and know
their presence.
>> One of the biggest surprises
for me and one of the greatest
things that I've taken away
from doing CE5 in a group is how
amazing it is to be able
to share these profound
experiences with other people.
Being with a group of people
where all of your intentions
are aligned and
feeling that unity
and that love in the group is
honestly quite overwhelming.
>> We're talking about
civilizations that are highly
advanced.
They are not using fossil fuels.
They have super
advanced energy systems
that they have learned to
manage on their own planet.
Therefore, what have they done?
They've learned to
coexist with each other,
otherwise they'd be
gone, wouldn't they?
Well, that's one way
of looking at it.
And then a lot of
these civilizations
are completely telepathic.
They communicate with thought.
We experience that a lot.
They respond to our thoughts.
We know that that's how
they're interacting with us.
So, what are they
doing with each other?
There's absolutely nothing
to hide in their society.
There is no room for
hatred, for fear,
for division, for
any of those things
that we experience as
humans because we talk.
So if you're
existing in a thought
spectrum as your communication,
then you know what I mean?
You're at a state of peace,
aren't you, with each other?
You've worked it out.
Oh, that guy over
there, he keeps
on having these bad
thoughts about me.
I can read them and so can this
person, and so can this person.
Imagine that.
So there's all of these other
ways of actually really sifting
through the rubbish
and the nonsense
and getting to a
place in yourself
where you've had enough
experiences to know
the truth of our
existence in the universe.
>> I came here to do what
I can to help our planet,
the nature we are of and
from, and our species.
>> Feeling the coalescence
of the group coming together
and the love that's felt
for all of creation,
not just others on our planet
and ETs, but all of creation,
it's a very beautiful
thing to go through.
>> I sit in meditation to the
ETs asking if we could have
a more subtle event, give
me some sort of visual
in their own way that speaks
my language, so to speak,
that I can use as a irrefutable
data that there is something
happening between my direct
effort and their reciprocation
of those efforts.
And it was a physical
manifestation.
Other people saw it.
But to me, there was
something intensely personal
that really impacted me.
>> Dr. Greer and the group
have been wonderful so far.
And they really emphasized not
to bring fear into the circle.
And they really helped
me to overcome it.
And when we saw the orb,
it was just wonderful.
I felt really good.
>> What I take from CE5 with
me everywhere else is love
and interaction.
And when I'm with others,
I think about things.
And I wish that I could
take everyone and everyone
could experience CE5
because it'll open your mind
and open your heart.
And it'll show you that
there's more than just
transactional connections
where everything doesn't need
to be monetized,
everything doesn't
need to be capitalistic
or based on that
because we're not
getting anything.
CE5, you aren't going to
get riches from contact.
But you're going
to get fulfillment.
>> People really have to
understand that there is this
mass effect when a
fairly small number--
and the magic number
is 1% apparently.
And that's actually
borne out in quantum.
>> So 7 billion is how much,
7 million or 70 million?
>> 70.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
So we--
>> So 70 to 80 million
totally doable.
>> --that app and then
we should be fine.
Wow.
>> So that's--
>> So, is that a goal for you to
get into a set of circumstances
where we could have 70 million
people just like we have Earth
Hour, have 70 million
people all at once--
>> Doing CE5.
>> --doing CE5?
>> And that's building.
And so, I think, it's something
completely attainable.
>> Yeah, I agree.
>> And it's 1 in 100 people.
And it may be less because
if enough people are
in a deep and powerful
state of consciousness, then
I think there's a better chance
that it can be half that.
But it's something
that's doable.
And the studies have been done--
>> You have cool
goals, Dr. Greer.
[LAUGHTER]
That's a really cool goal.
>> Yeah.
Well, it's how transformation
happens on a planet.
It happens first
in consciousness.
>> And so, is the goal, I guess,
to move people from a 3D state
which most people are bumbling
around into a 4 to even 5D
state by doing--
>> Yes.
>> Wow.
>> Because the
primacy I always say,
the prime changing effect is
always the consciousness behind
anything.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Back in LA, some friends and
I decided to do CE5 of our own.
We gathered in Topanga Canyon
and waited for the sun to set.
We made some sacred
music to set the scene.
And I led everyone in a guided
meditation and visualization.
[CHATTER]
[QUICK BEEPING]
It could be our eyes.
But it feels like it was moving
up and down, left and right.
Even though we're not
exactly sure what we saw,
we all felt connected to a
love bigger than ourselves.
Being part of the CE5
movement has quite honestly
completely changed my life.
The friends that I've
made, the knowledge
that we've shared with
each other, the things
that we've seen, that
we continue to see,
and our true belief that the
more that we do CE5 together,
the more that these
beings and these craft
are going to keep showing up
and the safer the environment
we're going to create for
them is going to become,
it's so exciting.
Something amazing is
happening in this world.
For some reason in
2022, these craft
have decided that they
feel comfortable enough
to be coming to
Earth all the time,
every single day
all around the world
and appearing to so many
people that are doing CE5.
They're coming here to help us.
And God knows, we really
need it right now.
So all I can say to you is
if you believe that there's
something greater out
there in this world for you
than just being a human being
walking around on this planet,
then you need to get the
app, start doing CE5,
meet other people, make friends,
share your thoughts and dreams
with them, and start
looking up at the sky.
[MUSIC PLAYING]